Hey, everyone, I hope you're super excited to get started.
Now, a quick note on the flow that we will follow during this course for the majority of the course,
I will be using the simulator.
Now, a majority of you may not be using the simulator.
You may be using the Android simulator or an Android phone locally.
So what you may see happen throughout the course is me test on Android through certain points of the
course and we may see something break here or there that isn't breaking on iOS.
Now, rest assured, this is completely normal and it will happen sporadically.
But throughout the videos further down, you will find the video explaining why Android is breaking
and what is breaking and how we can fix it.
So don't panic if Android is breaking.
But on my simulator over here on iOS, it is working.
We've done our best to curate the material to showcase the differences between Android and iOS.
So it is completely normal to see some differences and we will cover those.